# What are some of the applications of Stacks:
* Reversing a list
* Implementing a parentheses checker
* Evaluating arithmetic expressions
* Recursion

# Reversing a List
* A list of numbers can be reverse by reading each index and then putting in a stack.
* It can then be reversed by popping off the top element of a stack and then reading.
* It is reversed because the last element of the first list will be read first off the stack.

# Implementing a parentheses checker
* By going through the stack and then checking to see if both a closed and open parenthense has been encounterd you are able to check if the parenthese are valid. 

# Evaluating Arithmetic Expressions
* There are three equivalent ways of writing algebraic expressions: Infix, prefix, and postfix. And therefor three major, and equivalent ways, of evaluating algebraic expressions. 

# Infix 
* It is where the operator is put between the operands. However this requires for the computer to knows lots of information such as operator precedence and associativity rules.

# Polish notation and Postfix Notation(Reverse Polish Notation)
* Polish Notation is a notation that is free of parentheses developed by Polish mathematician Jan Łukasiewicz
* In Postfix notation the operator is placed after the operands. Even parentheses do not effect the order in which operators are evaluated.
* In postfix there is no operator precedence so if the addition '+' is placed before the division operator '/' then it will operator on its given operands first. 
* To evaluate postfix notation the sequence of characters is simply scanned left to right and if the character that is read is an operatand then it is put on the stack, if it an operator then the top two characters are popped off from the stack and the operator is applied to these two values. The result from the operation is then pushed onto the stack. 

# Prefix notation
* Prefix notation is very similar to postfix notation. The difference is that the operators are put before the operands and the character sequence is read right to left instead of left to right.  

# Recursion
* A recursive function is a function that takes its output and intputs into a smaller version of itself until it meets certain predefined criteria. 
* Stacks are important to recursive functions as it allows algorithm to operate "linearly" with the base function call being performed first, and then next level being performed second and so on. Additiaonlly that all succeeding calls of a function use data from previous function calls as the output is popped off the stack and is able to be used in the next call of the function.
