# Linked Lists 
* A linked list is a data structure that can be used to overcome some of the issues that can arrise when using arrays. Such as restrictions on the maximum number of elements and the need for data to be stored sequentially.
* They can be split into two parts. The left which is where the data is stored and the right in which a pointer to the next "node" of the linked list. 
* Unlike an array a linked list does not allow the random access of data and instead must be accessed in a sequential manner. 

# Inserting Nodes
* To insert a node in the beginning of a linked list you just have your new start node point to the previous start node.
* Similarly to insert a node at the end you change the previous end node to point to the new end node and have the new end node contain the terminating value to mark the end of the linked list
* To insert a node somewhere between the beginning and end nodes you create you go to the node that you want to precede the newly inserted node and have it point to the node that is getting inserted. Then you have the newly inserted node point to the node that you want to follow it. 

# Deleting nodes
* For deleting the starting node you simply change your starting variable to point to the node that you instead want to be the starting node.
* For deleting nodes in between the start and end you simply have the preceding node to the one that you want to delete point to the node that you want it to be followed by, therefor skipping over the deleted node removing it from the list.
* For deleting the last node you just take the pointer of the preceding node and replace it with the terminating value.
